Raw files decode:
ImageDecoder
    ImageFormat::demosaic()

We just made architecture changes in the conversation 'Raw decoder and editor'.  Here I want to add the 'Develop' UI dock panel.  It
  will be similar to the 'Embellish' dock, with multiple sections containing sliders, checkboxes etc. Add the Develop panel
  to the View menu with shortcut F9, and save everything to settings as per the other docks.  Add a
  separate Properties file similar to the embellish one.

I want to be able to customize the column(i) width for a specific row of the
PropertyEditor::QTreeView as part of the addItem process. Also, I want to be
able to set individual row heights as well.  I would like the column width
units to be percent of the  entire width, and row height to be percent of the
default row height.  I anticipate needing this for the section that holds the
histogram (left side) and vector scope (right side). How do you suggest we do this.

The initial setup:
Develop dock btns Graphs, Transform, ?, X
    Graphs btns: auto, skin
        Histogram/VectorScope side by side
    Core btns: presets, save preset, transform (crop symbol)
        Demosaic dropdown (Apple, Winnow, Other...)
        Denoise (checkbox)
        Transform
            Crop
            Rotate/Level
            Perspective
    Layers btns: btns: minus/plus
        Select layer (lineedit dropdown)
            Combine masks method
            Mask 1
            Mask 2
        Basic (header)
            Temp (slider)
            Tint (slider)
            Tone segment (slider)
            Exposure (slider)
            Contrast (slider)
            Highlights (slider)
            Shadows (slider)
            Whites (slider)
            Blacks (slider)
            Texture (slider)
            Dehaze (slider)
        Color
            Red slidder
            Green slider
            Blue slider
            Hue slider
            Saturation slider
            Luminance slider
        Effects (header)
            Vignette
            Grain

Make sure you can read white-balance multipliers, black/white levels, CFA phase for every camera
in the list.  This has been a problem in some of the cameras we have already done.  Can you
read how exiftool does this and replicate it in Winnow.

[Session: 98% (Resets: 10:20)] [Week: 99% (Resets: Sat 15:00)]
